42 blog titles (#88)
NLESC-JCER/run-cpp-on-web: react/README.md

    <script type="text/babel" src="app.js"></script>
  ```

> **Note:** We use the same `newtonraphson.js` and `newtonraphson.wasm` files as in the [first post](../webassembly/README.md) of this series. Make sure you download these files from [here](../webassembly).

Reviewer: Correct download link
```suggestion
**Note:** We use the same `newtonraphson.js` and `newtonraphson.wasm` files as in the [first post](../webassembly/README.md) of this series. Make sure you download [newtonraphson.js](https://github.com/NLESC-JCER/run-cpp-on-web/blob/master/react/newtonraphson.js) and [newtonraphson.wasm](https://github.com/NLESC-JCER/run-cpp-on-web/blob/master/react/newtonraphson.wasm) files from GitHub.
```
